Address #629: create invalid expression error (#630)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/errors.md

> * {{The value is not one.}}
> ```

### Invalid Expression

An **_<dfn>Invalid Expression</dfn>_** error occurs when a _message_ includes an _expression_
whose implementation-defined internal requirements produce an error during _function resolution_
or when a _function_ returns a value (such as `null`) that the implementation does not support.

> A **_<dfn>Type Mismatch Error</dfn>_** is an _Invalid Expression_ error that occurs when

Author: ```suggestion
An **_<dfn>Operand Mismatch Error</dfn>_** is an _Invalid Expression_ error that occurs when
```
